feat(sdk): add across gas fee estimations (#3471)
UMAprotocol/protocol: packages/sdk/src/across/README.md

const realizedLpFeePct = calculateRealizedLpFeePct(rateModel, interval.utilA, interval.utilB).toString()
assert.equal(realizedLpFeePct.toString(), interval.wpy)
```

## Gas Fee Calculator

Calculates gas fee percentages when doing a transfer for slow and fast relays.

### Usage Examples

You must import the estimated gas costs ( or have your own constants defined) to estimate total gas effectively.
See [gasFeeCalculator.e2e.ts](gasFeeCalculator e2e tests) for more examples.

```ts
import * as uma from "@uma/sdk"

const { getGasFees, SLOW_ETH_GAS, SLOW_ERC_GAS, SLOW_UMA_GAS } = uma.across.gasFeeCalculator
const { fromWei } = uma.across.utils

// given a transfer of ETH across chains, get amount of eth used in gas for a slow transaction
const gasPrice = await ethersProvider.getGasPrice() // you will need to get an estimate from provider
const ethFees = getGasfees(SLOW_ETH_GAS, gasPrice)

> // given a standard usdc erc20 transfer across chains, get amount of th etoken used in gas for a slow transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// given a standard usdc erc20 transfer across chains, get amount of the token used in gas for a slow transaction
```
